All right, then.
We'll let you know as soon as
the test run is ready to be initiated.
[distorted voice on phone] 3:16.
Excuse me?
The time of your test
is going to be exactly 3:16 p.m.
Got it. 3:16 it is.
I'll be looking for a nice
little earthquake at that time.
If you succeed, your payment will be
wired to your account by 3:17.
-Good luck.
-[line disconnects]
What do you know about this client?
I know that he pays
generously and on time.
Judy, this guy pays us
to have control over earthquakes.
Earthquakes happen all the time, Marcus.
Okay?
This little one today is gonna pay us
five million dollars each.
The next one's gonna
pay us ten times that.
We're doing something terrible, Judy.
All I care about is that
Daniel and his future family
will never have to worry about money.
The same thing with your kids.
What are you doing?
[chuckles] Your locker was open.
This fell out.
Hey, you did read this book.
You even took notes.
It must've slipped my mind.
But how? You have the best memory
of anyone I know.
I already said I was sorry, Daniel.
I'm human. I made a mistake.
It's not that.
I don't care about the stupid quiz.
Good.
The important thing is
that we're back together.
We were meant to be, you know.
I'll see you at dinner.
[theme music playing]
A whole day at the beach.
I haven't had a day off since I got here.
No! No, you don't.
A day off means a day off.
What's up, Max? Is it Emma?
She barely even talked to me
when I called her.
She sounded like a robot.
It was like she was upset I even called.
Maybe she's got a lot to deal with,
you know?
With her mom being sick and all.
Yeah, but that's the thing.
If her mom was so sick that
Emma had to leave the Greenhouse,
then why was she dancing and having
so much fun at the dance?
It doesn't make any sense.
Maybe she just wanted to have
one good last time before she left.
Maybe.
[sighs] Max, I know you miss her,
but you are overthinking this.
You have to let it go.
[sighs]
No!
No.
All right, ladies,
so we're gonna take this from the top.
-Okay? Let's go.
-[upbeat music playing]
Five, six, seven, eight.
And step, step, pit and pit, up.
-Oh. [chuckles]
-Oh!
-[music stops]
-I'm... I'm sorry.
-Uh, ladies, let's take five, okay?
-[chuckles softly] My bad.
What's up?
-I just, um, wanted to thank you.
-For...
For helping me
with the equation and stuff.
-Oh, yeah. Of course. You're welcome.
-Yeah.
So, um, I was gonna ask you,
if, uh... I understand you're busy,
-but maybe if you get some time--
-Oh, wait. Hang on, Parker.
Hey, Alex. Listen. You okay?
Yeah. I'm fine. [chuckles softly]
Come on. You know you can
tell me anything, right?
Yeah.
[stammers] Oh. Wait.
I know why you're upset.
You're upset
because you didn't make the cut
on our cheerleading team.
Guys, come on.
Let's take this from the top.
[Alex] No! No, Sophie, it's okay.
I just... I just want...
[sighs] Uh-uh. Trust me on this, okay?
All right. Hey, drop the basketball.
As captain of the Eagles, I command you
to dance and that is a direct order.
[both chuckle]
And let's go. Five, six, seven, eight.
-[upbeat music playing]
-And step, turn, pit, up.
-There we go.
-[chuckles]
[laughs] That's better.
Good, yeah. More on the arms.
[girl] There you go.
Oh, thank you. [chuckles]
I'm so glad I volunteered to supervise.
[chuckles]
You want some?
I already put some on.
Could you put some on my back?
Lee. Sunscreen?
Oh, yeah, sorry.
[exclaims and chuckles]
-Stop moving, Aspen!
-That tickles!
[basketball bouncing]
[exhales]
Hey.
How's the leg?
Better, thanks.
-Mind if I join?
-Sure, why not?
It's not like I own the place.
You're right. My mom does.
She, uh, paid for all this.
Wanna play some Horse?
Why not?
Okay. Hey, but keep in mind,
I'm a little rusty.
Whoo! Guess I'm not that rusty.
Let's see what you got, Woods.
Nice shot, kid.
You know you'd make
a great cheerleader, right?
I mean, you're tall enough
to be in this formation.
No, no, no, no, no.
You do not want me on your team.
-Oh, no?
-No. I mean, I'm clumsier than Alex was.
-Oh, that's bad. [laughs]
-[chuckles]
[sighs] So, you two are,
like, dating, right?
Uh, Susie, you missed a step.
Remember, it's one, two, three, okay?
So try it again from the top, go.
I'm sorry, you were saying?
Nothing. Just talking about
you and your boyfriend.
Boyfriend? What boyfriend?
Oh. You mean Alex?
-Yeah.
-No, silly. No, we're just friends!
But I... I mean, I saw you two
at the dance. It kinda seemed...
No. Mmm-mmm. No, no.
That was strictly a captains-try-to-keep-
the-peace between Brooke and Daniel.
I mean, not like it helped, right?
Right. [chuckles softly]
I see. So that means, you're still...
-Good. That was perfect.
-I see.
Cool.
So much fun! It is much better
than the dreary Atlantic.
Yeah.
Hayley, so, um... about yesterday,
I wanted to thank you
for setting my head on straight.
Everything's cool, Aspen.
I just lose it sometimes,
when I get competitive.
My mother says it's because
I'm a natural born winner,
and I have trouble accepting
that others are not like me.
Whatever.
I mean, if I were you,
I'd be upset, as well.
All of sudden, out of nowhere,
someone like me shows up
at the Greenhouse, all confident and...
Look! There's Leo. Lee-Lee, I'm coming!
Just like that. Mmm-hmm.
-[Alex] Watch this.
-[scoffs] Yeah, right.
[grunts]
[exclaims]
-Okay.
-Hmm.
All right. Here we go, Woods. You ready?
-No way. [chuckles]
-Yeah way.
Just like that. I told you I'm the man.
-[sighs]
-And now, to break the tie.
-[chuckles softly]
-And that's an "E" for HORSE!
Lucky shot.
[Daniel] All right.
Oof. Nice try, kid.
[sighs]
-Get up, Max. We're one person short.
-But I'm ahead.
Of yourself?
This is our chance to kick Aspen's butt.
We can't miss this opportunity.
Be a sport, Max.
-Max is gonna play with us!
-[all cheering]
-[Leo] You guys ready? Let's do this.
[indistinct chatter]
-Max!
-Max, come on! Throw it to me!
-Whoo!
-[squeals]
-You know you look ridiculous, right?
-You gonna talk or you gonna throw?
-Yeah!
-Whoo!
Not bad, Woods.
[sighs] Thanks.
[Daniel sighs]
You know...
I'm glad you joined the Eagles.
-Really?
-It makes me work harder.
Work harder to find ways
to make me miserable?
That, too. [chuckles]
[laughs]
Hey, uh, I wanna ask you something.
But just between you and me.
Okay.
So when Brooke was gone all day,
where was she?
Why didn't you ask her?
I tried, but...
we've been having some, um... issues.
She went back to Eric's office
to investigate your mom.
But she found nothing on her.
I see...
You know, uh...
-Never mind. It's... it's stupid.
-What?
At first, I thought someone
messed with her brain or something.
You gotta admit, she did a total 180
going back to you like that.
But I guess I was just upset...
realizing I was nothing more
than a rebound guy.
Hey, kid...
you have to stop
putting yourself down like that.
Good game, buddy.
[Alex] Good game.
[sighing]
[indistinct chatter]
Max. That's it, okay? You need to focus.
Okay. Think of Emma. Make her proud.
-She didn't even care for sports.
-That's not the point!
Improvise. Your mom didn't pay
for all those expensive
ballroom dancing classes for nothing.
[whispering]
[Max] Okay.
Jackie!
[grunting]
Yeah!
[all cheering]
[laughing]
[Hayley] Good job.
Nice touchdown, Miller.
That's a line I never thought
I would ever hear. [chuckles]
Come on!
-[yelps]
-[all exclaim]
-Yes!
-[all muttering]
[man] You okay?
Hayley, are you all right?
Sorry, didn't even know my own strength.
What? It's not like I did it on purpose!
Okay, guys. Game's over. You won.
We need to talk.
She is deceivingly fast. I miscalculated.
I didn't mean to knock her down.
That is not the point.
[stammering] What? What's the point, then?
I just... wish you had talked to me
before getting on that plane.
Why?
Okay. I admit it.
I didn't want to talk to you because
I was afraid you'd tell me not to come.
I was afraid I'd lose you.
There's something I have to tell you,
Aspen.
I know what you're going to say
and I know what happened between
you and Hayley before the dance.
But it's perfectly okay.
We were in an LDR.
-I was far away. But I'm here now--
-I'm in love with her.
And that's fine, too! People fall in love.
But here's the thing.
What you and I have is special.
It's for life.
You had a crush because
you were lonely and you missed us.
I understand it completely.
But... you and I both know
what we have here is much stronger
than any affair
that you may or may not
have had with Hayley.
I know deep down you know I'm right.
Oh, gosh. It is hot.
I'm going to go for a swim, all right?
[doorknob rattling]
[exhales]
[Marcus] These mark the trigger points,
which we know
are susceptible to seismic stimulus, okay?
I thought this one would be
perfect for our trial run.
That seems really close to where we are.
It's four miles in the ocean.
All we need today is an extremely
localized and measured tremor
which will be detected by
the US Geological Survey monitors,
but we down here won't even feel it.
Well, what about the Greenhouse?
Are they gonna feel the earthquake there?
Not unless they all board a yacht
and sail four miles west.
Okay. Let's proceed.
What do you say you teach me
how to play chess?
When? Right now?
-Why not?
-It takes years to master chess.
Well, then we better get started.
-Have you guys seen Hayley?
-No.
Thanks.
Chess is all about strategy and patience.
It's about planning
your moves ahead of time
and always thinking
about the bigger picture.
What's so funny?
I knew you were gonna find this boring.
Now I know why Emma called you
her "white knight."
-How did I miss it?
-Miss what?
Do you know what this is?
-A horse.
-No! It's a white knight!
Emma was trying to tell me
something in her letter.
She... she must have wanted to leave me
a message or something.
A message? What are you talking about?
I told you she was acting weird.
She must have wanted
to tell me something, but she couldn't.
Come on. We gotta go.
-Go where?
-Back to the clubhouse.
No way. I'm not going to school.
It's our day off!
Be a sport, Jackie.
-[groans]
-Come on, come on, come on, come on.
It's time. Marcus?
Initiate the program.
[typing]
Initiated.
[electricity crackling]
[beeping]
What's that beep? What's going on?
Seismic activity has increased.
-That's not the ocean.
-[beeping continues]
-The radius seems to have expanded.
-Is that the Greenhouse?
-Come on!
-[Jackie groans]
You do realize all the food's
gonna be gone by the time we get back.
Hurry up!
-[electricity crackling]
-[beeping]
-Stop it now, Marcus.
-Nothing's happening.
Stop it now, Marcus!
You don't understand.
There's nothing I can do.
-I don't care.
-We have to wait
-for the program to complete its cycle.
-Do something.
[rumbling]
-Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
-Oh, God. Oh, God.
[all screaming]
[woman] Everyone, let's get out of here!
The whole network must be down!
Help!